## Welcome to Matilda page

### MY name is Matilda
1 project 1:LONELINESS ASSISTANCE PROGRAM FOR LEFT-BEHIND CHILDREN----Easing the Pain of Loneliness through platform
The "Loneliness Assistance Program for Left-behind Children" will be a record of the process. I will design a hypothesis of a service product through long-term and multi-form interaction with left-behind children. Through examples of hypothetical products with Focus Group, talks with service design experts and discussions with charitable organizations/foundations related to left-behind children, the hypothesis is gradually improved and revised, thus trying to find a solution of the problem of "loneliness of left-behind children".
 This project is carried out in a combination of online and offline mode. First, by creating a character image that children like to see, enriching the stories behind the image and related peripheral products, such as related fairy tale books, image dolls, dream greeting cards, etc., children can understand the character image and the connotation behind it through offline interaction, and collect children's wishes through dream greeting cards. It is also presented in the form of an online website (due to the particularity of left-behind children, it is impossible for everyone to use the Internet). This website is mainly aimed at people who are willing to help left-behind children and their parents. The main purpose of the website is to popularize aid projects, coordinate children's wishes and find companies and individuals willing to cooperate in public welfare projects. And according to the wishes of each child collected offline, With a variety of interactive modes such as one gift per season, dream showcase, parent-child cabin, etc., accompany children to grow up in the form of a role image, make up for the growth vacuum of left-behind children who lack companionship in their childhood, heal their hearts under the lack of love, give children a fairy tale story, and draw the future together with them.
